>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
it's exercise time.
I made a list of these blog posts, and in
these blog posts they each have a label.
So we've got science, and
math, and all sorts of stuff.
I want you to make a little
form that adds a new post.
So the title, the author,
I spelled Mark's name wrong,
I was trying to control him and
it went horribly wrong.
[LAUGH] And we're gonna add a label
here and then we'll add a new blog post.
And then we wanna filter with
a label all of these blog posts.
So if we go to Math,
you can actually see that thingy,
Mark Grabinski at the bottom there.
So you're gonna use a method for
the form, and
you're going to use a computed
property for filtering.
And here is the code pen
that you're working off of.
I think I have to make,
set this to public as well.
So you might need a refresh before you can
get in but this is your starting point.
You have,
all of the data is already there for
you so you don't have to make
up a bunch of blog posts.
We've got new title, new author,
new label, all as empty strings.
We have a form,
I actually helped you out this time and
put select in options and
all of those input values so
that you're not having to duplicate
the stuff that we already went over.
And then we have this select
v-model selected here, so yeah.